吸魂
呪文の使い手を若返らせるために犠牲者の命を吸い取る呪文。

生命偷取术
消耗：15点魔法值；1D20点理智值
施法用时：1+轮
这一恶魔般的残酷法术会从受害者身上榨取生命，让施法者变年轻。法术必须在满月下施放，目标必须能够看到、听到施法者。施法者须和目标进行一次POW对抗检定并胜出，法术才能生效；若成功，目标开始衰老腐朽，他们先天的生命力和活力会被施法者消耗掉。此法术施放后的每轮，目标就要分别失去1D10点STR、CON、DEX、POW、APP。施法者每从目标身上榨出一点属性点，就可以变年轻一天。例如，如果本法术从目标的属性当中共榨出40点属性点，施法者将变年轻40天。同时；目标会枯槁；肌肉变成灰色并层层剥落，等到法术完全结束，他会变成一具可怖的干瘪躯壳（目睹此场景损失1/1D6点理智值）。施法者也可以在目标死亡之前的任何时刻终止法术——目标的外观明显随着法术的继续而变坏（苍白的皮肤、纸一般的皮肤、凋萎挛曲的肢体等等）。如果施法者在目标未死时被杀，则法术撤回，目标所有丢失的属性值会立即返还。深层魔法：本法术可以在非满月的时候施放。这个时候施法者不能得到返老还童的好处，但如果施法者一意孤行，目标仍然会受难而死。若法术在狩猎月（秋分后的第一个满月）施放，施法者可以每轮榨出最大值10点的STR、CON、DEX、POW、APP属性点（而非1D10点）。本法术的一种变体能让施法者把榨出的属性点直接转化为自己的POW点数（每吸取5点属性点增加1点POW）。
别名：活力榨取术、猩红仪式、五教团的亵渎圣礼

STEALLIFE/StealLife
Cost: 15 magic points; 1D20 Sanity points
Casting time: 1+ round
This devilishly cruel spell drains life from a victim to make the caster younger. The spell must be cast under a full moon and the target must be within sight and hearing of the caster. For the spell to take effect the caster must win an opposed POW roll with the target: if successful, the target begins to age and decay, with their innate life and vitality being consumed by the caster. On each round after the spell is cast, the target loses 1D10 points each of STR, CON, DEX, POW, and APP. For each characteristic point drained from the target, the caster becomes a day younger. For example, if the spell leeches a total of 40 points from the target’s characteristics, the caster would become 40 days younger. Meanwhile, the target withers; flesh turns grey and begins to flakes away until, at the full conclusion of the spell, the target has become a horrid dry husk (calling for Sanity rolls from witnesses for 1/1D6 loss). The caster may choose to end the spell at any point before the target dies—the victim’s apparent condition obviously worse the longer the spell continues (pale skin, paper-like skin, withered and gnarled limbs, and so on). If the caster is slain before the target dies, the spell is revoked and the target’s lost characteristic points immediately return to him or her.
Deeper magic: this spell may be cast at times other than on a full moon. In such an event, the caster does not gain the benefits of restored youth, but the victim still suffers and dies if the caster so chooses. If the spell is cast under a Hunter’s Moon (the full moon following the autumnal equinox), the caster is able to leech the full maximum of 10 characteristic points per round (rather than roll 1D10) from STR, CON, DEX, POW, and APP. A variant of this spell allows the caster to turn the characteristic points drained directly into POW points (1 POW point per 5 characteristic points drained).
Alternative names: Leech Vitality, The Rite in Crimson, The Blasphemous Sacrament of the Five Cuts.