腐った外皮の呪い
コスト：5MP、10正気度ポイント
必要ラウンド：1時間
別名：油断ならぬ悪夢、何時の敵をさいなむ七体の悪魔の召喚、弱気心の萎縮
対象は自分の皮膚が腐って崩れ落ちる幻影を見て1d10の正気度を失い、2~3分間失神する。対抗INTロールに成功する必要がある。

腐烂外皮之诅咒
消耗：5点魔法值；10点理智值
施法用时：1小时
本法术会给目标带去理智崩溃的幻觉。目标会发现自己的皮肤明显地开始朽烂腐坏。外观的恶化似乎极其迅速，结果出现巨大的空洞和裂缝，体内的脏器开始从中漫溢而出（这个过程中目标损失1D10点理智值）。随后目标会昏倒，并在几分钟后醒来，毫发无损。施法者须和目标进行一次INT对抗检定并胜出，法术才能生效。如果法术在夜间目标睡着时施放，目标要获得一颗惩罚骰。效果的时间共约二十分钟，包含昏倒的时间。施法者必须认识目标，且必须有一些属于目标的个人物品作为法术的专注点。被这个法术击中的经历是灾难性的；但是「精神分析」检定成功可以让目标接受这些无法理解的梦境和幻觉，恢复此次理智损失的一半。精神科药物对这种攻击没有什么补偿作用。深层魔法：依上文所述，法术产生的幻觉仅有目标可见。如果额外投入5点魔法值，法术产生的幻象会影响所有人；观察者须进行理智检定（损失0/1D6点）。如果施法者消耗20点魔法值、25点POW、20点理智值，他可以让法术效果真实发生；每轮中目标还要受到1D6点伤害，直到其死亡或者施法者因某种原因终止法术。
别名：阴险梦魇术、七魔从令，折磨汝敌、弱者意志摧残术

CURSEOFTHEPUTRIDHUSK/CurseofthePutridHusk
Cost: 5 magic points; 10 Sanity points
Casting time: 1 hour
Brings sanity wracking illusions to the target of the spell. The target perceives that his or her skin is visibly rotting and corrupting. The outward appearance seems to deteriorate swiftly, so that great rents and tears occur through which internal organs begin to tumble out (with the target losing 1D10 Sanity points in the process). Thereupon the target faints and awakens in a few minutes, whole and normal. For the spell to take effect an opposed INT roll must be made between the caster and target—impose one penalty die on the target if the spell is cast at night while the target is sleeping. The entire cycle of effect takes about twenty minutes. Note that repeated applications can drive a target insane. The caster must know the target, and the caster must have a personal object belonging to the target as a focus. The experience of the spell is devastating; however, successful Psychoanalysis can help the victim come to terms with these inexplicable dreams and hallucinations and restore half of the Sanity loss.
Deeper magic: as described, the illusory effect of the spell is apparent only to the target. For an extra 5 magic points, the illusion of the spell affects everyone; observers should make a Sanity roll (0/1D6 loss). For the cost of 20 magic points, 25 POW, and 20 Sanity points the caster can make the spell actually physically happen: each round the target also suffers 1D6 damage until death or until the caster is somehow prevented from continuing the spell.
Alternative names: The Insidious Nightmare, Summon Seven Devils to Afflict Thine Enemy, Wither the Mind of the Weak. 